Standard Events
You can use the Meta Pixel's fbq('track') function to track the following standard events. Standard events also support parameter objects with specific object properties, which allow you to include detailed information about an event.

If you’re implementing the Meta Pixel alongside the Conversions API, we recommend you include the eventID parameter as a fourth parameter to the fbq(‘track’) function. See the Deduplicate Pixel and Server Events documentation for more information.

Event Name	Event Description	Object Properties	Promoted Object custom_event_type value
AddPaymentInfo

When payment information is added in the checkout flow.

A person clicks on a save billing information button.	
content_ids, contents, currency, value

Optional.	
ADD_PAYMENT_INFO

AddToCart

When a product is added to the shopping cart.

A person clicks on an add to cart button.	
content_ids, content_type, contents, currency, value

Optional.
Required for Advantage+ catalog ads: contents

ADD_TO_CART

AddToWishlist

When a product is added to a wishlist.

A person clicks on an add to wishlist button.	
content_ids, contents, currency, value

Optional.	
ADD_TO_WISHLIST

CompleteRegistration

When a registration form is completed.

A person submits a completed subscription or signup form.	
currency, value

Optional.	
COMPLETE_REGISTRATION

Contact

When a person initiates contact with your business via telephone, SMS, email, chat, etc.

A person submits a question about a product.	Optional.	
CONTACT

CustomizeProduct

When a person customizes a product.

A person selects the color of a t-shirt.	Optional.	
CUSTOMIZE_PRODUCT

Donate

When a person donates funds to your organization or cause.

A person adds a donation to the Humane Society to their cart.	Optional.	
FindLocation

When a person searches for a location of your store via a website or app, with an intention to visit the physical location.

A person wants to find a specific product in a local store.	Optional.	
FIND_LOCATION

InitiateCheckout

When a person enters the checkout flow prior to completing the checkout flow.

A person clicks on a checkout button.	
content_ids, contents, currency, num_items, value

Optional.	
INITIATE_CHECKOUT

Lead

When a sign up is completed.

A person clicks on pricing.	
currency, value

Optional.	
LEAD

Purchase

When a purchase is made or checkout flow is completed.

A person has finished the purchase or checkout flow and lands on thank you or confirmation page.	
content_ids, content_type, contents, currency, num_items, value

Required: currency and value

Required for Advantage+ catalog ads: contents or content_ids

PURCHASE

Schedule

When a person books an appointment to visit one of your locations.

A person selects a date and time for a tennis lesson.	Optional.	
SCHEDULE

Search

When a search is made.

A person searches for a product on your website.	
content_ids, content_type, contents, currency, search_string, value

Optional.
Required for Advantage+ catalog ads: contents or content_ids

SEARCH

StartTrial

When a person starts a free trial of a product or service you offer.

A person selects a free week of your game.	
currency, predicted_ltv, value

Optional.	
START_TRIAL

SubmitApplication

When a person applies for a product, service, or program you offer.

A person applies for a credit card, educational program, or job.	Optional.	
SUBMIT_APPLICATION

Subscribe

When a person applies to a start a paid subscription for a product or service you offer.

A person subscribes to your streaming service.	
currency, predicted_ltv, value

Optional.	
SUBSCRIBE

ViewContent

A visit to a web page you care about (for example, a product page or landing page). ViewContent tells you if someone visits a web page's URL, but not what they see or do on that page.

A person lands on a product details page.	
content_ids, content_type, contents, currency, value

Optional.
Required for Advantage+ catalog ads: contents or content_ids

VIEW_CONTENT

Object Properties
You can include the following predefined object properties with any custom events, and any standard events that support them. Format your parameter object data using JSON. Learn more about event parameters with Blueprint.

Property Key	Value Type	Parameter Description
content_category

String

Category of the page/product.

Optional.
content_ids

Array of integers or strings

Product IDs associated with the event, such as SKUs (e.g. ['ABC123', 'XYZ789']).

content_name

String

Name of the page/product.

Optional.
content_type

String

Either product or product_group based on the content_ids or contents being passed. If the IDs being passed in content_ids or contents parameter are IDs of products, then the value should be product. If product group IDs are being passed, then the value should be product_group.


If no content_type is provided, Meta will match the event to every item that has the same ID, independent of its type.

contents

Array of objects

An array of JSON objects that contains the quantity and the International Article Number (EAN) when applicable, or other product or content identifier(s). id and quantity are the required fields. e.g. [{'id': 'ABC123', 'quantity': 2}, {'id': 'XYZ789', 'quantity': 2}].

currency

String

The currency for the value specified.

num_items

Integer

Used with InitiateCheckout event. The number of items when checkout was initiated.

predicted_ltv

Integer, float

Predicted lifetime value of a subscriber as defined by the advertiser and expressed as an exact value.

search_string

String

Used with the Search event. The string entered by the user for the search.

status

Boolean

Used with the CompleteRegistration event, to show the status of the registration.

Optional.
value

Integer or float

The value of a user performing this event to the business.

On This Page
Reference
Standard Events
Object Properties
Meta
FacebookInstagramXLinkedInYouTube
Build with Meta
AI
Meta Horizon
Social technologies
Wearables
News
Meta for Developers
Blog
Success stories
Support
Developer Support
Bug tool
Platform status
Developer community forum
Report an incident
About us
About
Careers
Terms and policies
Responsible platform initiatives
Platform terms
Developer policies
Privacy policy
Cookies
English (US)
